---
title: "Call for Proposals to Host DHA2023"
last_modified_at: 2022-11-27
categories:
  - Post
tags:
  - Digital Humanities Australasia
  - Events
  - Conference
  - DHA2023
  - EOI
author: "SAR"
---

*Expressions of Interest are now open to host the 2023 Digital Humanities Australasia (DHA) Conference in Australia or New Zealand.*

The Executive Committee of the [Australasian Association for Digital Humanities (aaDH)](https://aa-dh.org/) invites proposals to host the Digital Humanities Australasia (DHA) Conference in Australia or New Zealand in 2023. DHA is the major conference of the aaDH, which was formed in March 2011. 

Prior DHA Conferences have been 2-4 days in duration. The host organisation is welcome to design the conference program and scope in a way best suited to their local context.

There are normally parallel sessions, a small number of plenary presentations, workshops, tutorials, posters and a postgraduate support event. A meeting of the aaDH committee will occur during the conference, and lunchtime slots are normally used for meetings of associated working groups or sub-committees.

[The aaDH Executive Committee](https://aa-dh.org/2022/05/20/aadhs-executive-committee-for-2022/) provides guidance and assistance to the host institution and can advise on aspects relating to the conference website, facilities, book of abstracts, and any social events the local host thinks would be appropriate.  

The conference is self-financed through conference fees and any other financial contributions that the local organiser is able to arrange. aaDH expects no payment from the local host in the event that the conference makes a profit, but no financial support is provided for the conference by aaDH, except in relation to possible awards, such as named prizes and a bursaries for postgraduate students. 

The local organiser is expected to set (and verify) three levels of fees: members of aaDH, non-members, and students (negotiable). 

There should be a clear process for peer-reviewing paper, poster and panel proposals.

Proposals should include:

-   Proposed dates (it is anticipated the conference will be between August -- October 2023, however, there is some flexibility)
-   Overview of facilities at the host institution
-   Overview of local institutional engagement and support which the host institution expects to be available
-   Sponsorship
-   Indicative local organising committee
-   AV/Computer, Internet access/wireless facilities
-   Social events, including the conference banquet 
-   Options for accommodation (with provisional costs) 
-   Travel information and advice 
-   A provisional budget, with a provisional registration fee 
-   Options for payment (credit card, foreign currency etc) by participants

Shortlisted hosts will be invited to meet with the aaDH Executive Committee to discuss their proposal. Budgets and other information from previous conferences, where available, can be made available on request, for planning purposes.

For further information, proposers are invited to discuss their proposals informally with members of aaDH Executive Committee including Vice-President Tully Barnett <tully.barnett@flinders.edu.au> or Communications Manager Tyne Sumner <tdsumner@unimelb.edu.au>

Proposals should be submitted to the Committee (via one of the above email addresses) by 28 October 2022.